Bazba Battle Quote:
I'm the mighty Bazba, leader of this batallion! 
Hope you weren't plannin' to leave these fields with your life, cuz it's about to end!

Death Quote:
No... I'm... the mighty... Bazba... This isn't right... I'll... remember this...!

Marina Battle Quote:
I am Marina, veteran of the Aicarht army! 
I'll be looking forward to seeing your head split in two!

Death Quote:
Revenge... I must have revenge...

Tirado Battle Quote:
You and I both have people we want to fight for. 
If my life means my sister can live another day, then I will fight!

Tirado Death Quote:
Gaaaah... Adeline...

Natsumi Battle Quote:
I detest war, but sometimes I've no choice but to fight on... 
This will be the third time I've fought Alcia. Are you prepared to fight an elite veteran of Aicarht?

Death Quote (As an enemy):
Oh... Maybe this falling was... for the best... Good luck, Alcia... Ngff...


Marina vs Morps:
Marina: You... YOU! 
Morps: Who... are you supposed to be?
Marina: Do you not remember me, stupid princeling? 
Or was I just a harmless soldier to be thrown effortlessly to war to die?
Morps: I'm not sure what you mean.
Marina: Marina?! Adjucent to Lady Shanna of Aicarht?! Do you care that little?!
Morps: Yes.
Marina: YOU! DIE NOW! GRAAAAAAH!

Natsumi vs Morps:
Natsumi: K-King Morps? It's been a long time, hasn't it
Morps: ...Indeed, general of Aicarht.
Natsumi: I'm not with Aicarht anymore. After Prince Zane's death, the country fizzled away into obscurity.
Morps: What are you doing with the Bastards?
Natsumi: I heard some Aicarht remnants enlisted to serve the Bastards.
Morps: Right. Well, you're my enemy here.
Natsumi: ...Let's see how much you've grown, King. I've no right to hold back, so prepare yourself.

Natsumi vs Marina:
Marina: Natsumi! You traitor!!!
Natsumi: When I enlisted as a Bastard, I had hoped to bring light to Aicarht. But this... This is downright unacceptable...
Marina: Who are you to call us unacceptable?
Natsumi: If this is the true face of Aicarht's future, then I will not allow it. 
To think Lady Shanna allowed an abomination like you as a confidant...
Marina: Keep your damn mouth shut about Shanna! Who are you to judge her?
Natsumi: ...
Marina: What are you looking at? You trying to mock me or something?
Natsumi: ...Yes. You are treachery in the flesh to Aicarht, and this world. 
Never have I seen a more sickeningly self-centered [red]fool[red] in my life.
I won't allow a disgrace like you to live.
Ready your soul for the afterlife.